So we learned a lot throughout this section.
We learned how to pass data around, how to get access to elements in our DOM, how to use local references,
so our application now is much more dynamic, we got much more tools to interact between the different
pieces we have in our app.
Now there is another way we can pass data around, the last way for now. In our server-element component
here,
right now we check if we have a type server or a type blueprint server,
right.
Nothing wrong with that
but sometimes, you have complex HTML code like this which you want to pass into a component from outside.
So imagine you don't want to set this up inside the component here, I cut it, instead
in the app component, you somehow want to add this here between the opening and closing element of your
own component
and there, we simply would have to replace element with server-element
and we should expect this to work, right.
So if we save this and let it reload and we add a new server, we don't get an error but the content is
also not there and that is the default behavior.
Everything you place between the opening and closing tag of your own component is lost by default, is
simply removed from the DOM, Angular will not take care about it
but you can change this.
There is a special directive and it is a directive, even though it looks like a component but
it doesn't have its own template,
a special directive you can add in the server-element components template here, in the place where I
want to render the content, I can add ng-content, opening and closing again.
It still is a directive, just using this element like selector and this serves as a hook you can place
in your component to mark the place for Angular where it should add any content it finds between the
opening and closing tag here,
so this content in this case. With this tiny addition, you should see that once you save this and let it
reload,
if we add this and we click add server,
you now see the content is back.
It looks exactly the way it looked before
but technically, something totally different works or happens here.
Now we add this via the ng-content hook, we add it between the opening and closing tags and therefore
it will be projected into your component, projected into your server element component.
A nice feature, especially if you think about building re-usable widgets, like a tab widget where each
tab will have a content which probably comes from some other source and which you don't want to pass
through property binding which always would be an alternative
but if it's more complex HTML code, property binding really is not the best solution because Angular
will escape HTML tags there to prevent cross-site scripting attacks from happening and you could
kind of work around that
but really, ng-content then is how you want to display this and that is a great tool to have at your
disposal.